everybody welcome back to northern lion
is trapped in a game that he cannot win
for some reason we're eating let's go I
do I sound demoralized I don't know
maybe being demoralized is exactly what
I need right now
70s 2d 4b 4d be a D board default epochs
divorce divorce evil or Devo did he do
you start with them again actually just
like last run really really good stats -
the HP and our spirit heart has all
sorts of potential last run I mean every
single loss has like an obvious thing
associated with it like a proximate
cause that makes perfect sense I think
we can afford to the the last one was
bomber boy bomber boy was amazing but
then bomber boy plus mr. boom might have
gotten us crushed so I'm actually like
mad at myself for allowing myself to get
hit when in that powerful situation
especially after I said it's my dream
come true but I've been humbled I don't
wanna I want to pull back I feel like
I've put myself into this narrative the
narrative has been like whatever damage
you get is a pretty good room whatever
damage you get on the start in the spawn
that's the damage you're going to have
when you fight mom damage that's bond
damage and mom for whatever reason the
damage hasn't been flowing as quickly as
I needed to most of the time we are
going to get the 15 cents since we don't
have a pill we could buy one but I'm
going to buy there's options instead
this should help us out honestly if
Isaac got harder even if it's indirectly
just by virtue of the fact that there's
more non tears related and non damage
related items thanks to the booster
packs being added that's good it's a
good thing but we do have to change our
playing style a little bit and if this
is the rude awakening that it takes to
make that happen then so be it
we're almost at - there you go
close we probably yeah pacifiers no
question right here we want that tears
upgrade we want that spirit our we're
going to go down to the next floor and
I'm thinking we got on in the above all
else we've got to play better we could
have won the last run we were very glass
cannon E and it was also the last room
we walked into was our immediate cause
of death you know if you don't recall I
believe I said I looked God in the face
and said really you're going to do me
like that it was a room where there were
champion vaginal bomb flies that just
rushed me down like in a narrow room
that I had basically no chance to escape
it I don't say I take full ownership of
my idiocy almost all the time but in
this case I really did have no chance to
escape I'm in my opinion at least maybe
if I made the greatest Dodgers of all
time and you know what maybe previously
I would have made the greatest Dodgers
of all time and it's the self defeating
belief that's got me thinking I can't do
it now but I really think what we need
is whoa okay one good run get your
confidence back and then yes Queen slay
and if we do that all is right in the
world of Isaac again I will accept so
many upgrades from this boss I'll accept
HP I'll accept DPS I would love to get a
huge speed upgrade man sockitumi look at
that once every four rooms have got bad
gas who's going to stop me
like our stats are actually awesome
right now thank God we got that extra
spirit are from the tinted rock it's up
to me to reverse the salt I got a sodium
overdose I got arteriosclerosis right
now it's a great name for an EDM artist
who's a little bit portly maybe I should
sign up let's go you are going to take
all of your damage and get destroyed
that doesn't even make any sense we
certainly don't want range come in here
you know what angel rooms it's going to
be an angel rooms run and there ain't
anything wrong with that
it takes stem cells for a not essential
but still fairly nice HP upgrade you
know maybe I need the respect HP more I
certainly am NOT going to dig range in
that situation so Allah I'll take the HP
when I can grab it you can just fart
right off mister that'd be excellent so
the easy way to the path forward a
success for us is we get to like 1.9
speed and then as soon as we walk into
every room we crap on enemies with
Taurus the other way is to get a sweet
pill out of our shop no you got a nozzle
steel peel from a chef oh the Swedish
Chef are you gonna use it to make a
losing streak stop oh the Swedish Chef
baby's got sackboy in the shop trinkets
melter I'm in need of your strongest
trinkets we also I know as a bomber boy
but like I'll take bomber boy as long as
the day is freakin long here dude so
what's this again is gold so we got
trinkets melter effectively The Fool the
son The Fool on Zeus use on Zeus
do we well I guess for now we're fine
with trinkets melter oh whoa whoa
the sweetest shop I told you not the
Swedish I can fly you know what not the
sweetest shop but that would be cool as
well do we know this bad gas we do know
it I'm you but stronger let's get out of
here
let's go this was a good situation now
placebo basically does Jackie S for us
right now but that's alright we're a
beautiful-looking little demon sperm
here let's head downwards stats speeds
bad but it gets better every room got a
lot of bombs they do hurt us but they
also we're going to you know crap on
enemies HP is looking fine sac boy this
is and I know that I'm setting myself up
for disappointment let's go for angel
rooms anyway because bomber boy is going
to crap on angel statues if you place a
bomb and then blow the angel statue up
they will take like 40% of their HP
along with it this is a very close to
unloose herbal run already would love
some extra killem power no question
about it I'm going to be using bombs
rigorously here because they're
excellent maybe you've heard of them Tom
Zaki that's actually fine but we're
going to stick with smelter but
effectively smelter you know in the most
recent patch they made it so if you bomb
the mirror in the chest you don't
actually get an extra item which sucks
but is also like completely
understandable that they added in like a
thing for you know just a superficial
change and then it was like oh by the
way the chest is easier now I understand
where they're coming from we need that
speed upgrade I understand where they're
coming from on that but it is always
like it always feels like a slap in the
face when they take an item away from
you you go dang it you start doing the
audit well why don't you make this hard
thing easier then but I think the
that's that's a change that I can
understand hey don't even try it buddy
why are we not speeding we didn't get
Taurus on this room already what's going
on with that perfect enemy to face yeah
this this run and I know I said it's not
a couple of runs very recently and
previously but we should not be able to
muck this one up it should be unlockable
branded on mockable on smokable
Uncrustables unmistakable lady that's
making you a living legend to send me an
angel and I thank you hey mama I want to
scream so loud for you because I'm so
proud of you and let me tell you what
I'm about to do I know act the fool but
I promise you I will go to Sheol and
sort of sort of work justice was just
lovers not even close to justice keep
dropping these bombs and dance till you
feel better we're hoping deal with the
angel comes to fruition here the earlier
we can manifest that the better you get
the extra like 10% chance or whatever it
ends up amounting to and I'm not even
worried about you know the quality of
item that we get from a deal with the
angel right now I just want free sweet
stuff also wouldn't mind getting a small
rock although the speed downgrade is not
necessarily incredible didn't know
Sagittarius I guess is just a 10% speed
upgrade or maybe it's a 1.1 multiplier
to speed which actually would probably
be more useful at this point
rarely are we getting to use tourists
but I have faith it'll come through in
the clutch I don't think we want
anything there I mean mama mega it is
what it is
magic mush I'd accept mini mush as well
until the end might have been better off
actually like taking friends to the end
and then using gulp or sorry using that
placebo oh okay magic mush yeah let's do
it
our speed now 1.29 we're closing in on
like endless tourists before that
happens I would not mind getting an
orbital to help us along here see this
is why I love bomber boy because you see
in like the potency that is bringing to
the table right now it found the secret
room even though we placed it at the
bottom of existence there we're getting
enough bombs back from sackboy to pretty
much justify that is our if not primary
like a very viable secondary means of
damage now we just need a burnt penny
along with it and basically nothing can
stop us
magic much by the way nice little damage
upgrade combined with the fact that our
speed is now higher I walk to that enemy
at 1.98 speed and then I have the nerve
to say Isaac's gotten harder see that's
that's the kind of damage that you know
you take that you lose a run that damage
haunts you forever man
this is great mini mush is fine here we
ready to speed already but I think it's
you know because of the whole speed
upgrade mid room sort of thing are you a
wizard not super good ie terrible I'm
not giving you any bombs bomb beggar you
haven't earned them I've earned them
speed down that hurts that hurts
speed up what makes you larger that's
still not that good in fact it's a net
negative probably we're like the
slightly smaller than normal size though
so I'm not complaining we got a gulp
pill I know I'm giving them a valuable
HP right now I got high hopes though the
devil okay well oh it's going to blow
them all up bomber boy these are getting
our HP back lots of speed down so that's
pretty sweet gulp gulp that's the sound
of the ponies these are strictly you
know a defensive maneuver there too by
the spirit heart in the red heart if
you'd have the track record I had
recently I don't think you could blame
me for my decision-making process here
so we got one point three for luck let's
see if we can get something out of this
I wouldn't mind picking up a little yeah
like cracked crown it's pretty amazing
and then if we could I mean I would
guess we'll gulp it up I use the gold
pill but we got another one back there
ok good job good job still alive
I want crystal ball doh we don't want
that it's it's too frequent of a
teleporter can be good but more trinkets
dude more trinkets look or crystal ball
two-spirit odds are secondary at this
point emperor k blind rage is worth
holding
as is Isaac's fork so forget the emperor
card for now go grab gulp we're going to
gulp this and then we're going to hold
gulp is a real battery charge down here
and we're going to go get blind rage or
whatever one was left it's Isaac's fork
and we're going to gulp that and then
we're going to go fight the boss who is
probably going to eat one bomb and then
die Wow actually way tankier than
expected save a bomb because we might
have a an angel stats you've got like a
40% chance devil room belly button you
can go to trinkets at once better than
shot speed we shouldn't we really
shouldn't you know what this is great
because it doesn't compromise our angel
chance of course it's you know pretty
bad because it didn't give us an item we
wanted but it's great because it doesn't
compromise our angel chance
we need more bombs oh you got it okay
that's not what I meant to do because I
can fly
here's what I think you do put out all
the fires and then blow all these guys
up with one bomb surely you're getting
more bombs back what have I done
I think that was sweet but the jury's
out um yeah so keep exploring is we do
want to get our item room of course we
have golden bombs now so like I mean
every opportunity to use a bomb is going
to be taken at this point this is makes
you larger that's not a relevant pill
for our endeavors with 1.63 speed got
like an absolutely decent chance of
making it to boss rush and we kind of
got the tools to make boss rush work for
us as well we don't need that you don't
have trinkets yet because we're going to
be like a minute and a bit behind
schedule it is actually completely
irrelevant okay so we just go straight
up to to speed that gives us instant
Taurus which is incredibly potent you
could not construct too many runs that
are like stronger than this basically so
if we lose this one we actually have
some sort of problems with our like
neurological makeup it's not like
there's anything wrong with that but it
would come as a little bit of a shock to
me I mean I know I got some weird brain
structures that are able to remember you
know every lyric - so fresh and so clean
by Outkast 14 years after I last heard
it but at the same time kind of thought
I was relatively competent from the Isak
standpoint of things so we're not going
to gulp that because I mean yeah we
could have because we have instant
tourists every room but why invite that
evil into our lives is basically what
I'm getting to right now
so
the big upgrades for us right now are
really anything that cranks up our
damage output well we're in this
invincible state so sac dagger Midas
touch
dirty touch any combination of those any
orbital really will do it how can you
look at this run at this point and be
like don't give me crooked penny you
know we have a gulp pill for whatever
train gets killed you know choose to
show up but then we've got a crooked
penny for a little bit of the same
factor which honestly we could
desperately use considering the strength
of this run right now
even our damage itself is pretty solid
so still hoping for angel rooms the
dream could exist for us it does not we
can't afford to get a speed down so
there you go for this and this actually
gave us the fungi transformation as well
yeah we should go to our shop I mean we
could try to double everything in the
shop it's one of the big reasons to have
this item so should go for it I don't
know if that's worth smelting but it is
at least worth holding and then we can
smelt later if we want probably a secret
room but not super relevant okay to be
honest with you this is the run that I
wanted to have last time you know it's
taken my confidence and it's through the
roof because I basically like cannot
mess it up at this point and I basically
feel like we should hold an emperor card
as well and and use that as a gloss rash
enabler either to get to or to get out
of box rush I don't know it allows none
of these are that amazing now if we can
get deal outs from the coma tour iam I
might consider it you know landmark
album of the post hardcore scene I
suppose but Steam sale it's in time to
potentially be useful we could we should
have tried to double it actually you
can't double old pedestals anymore so
yeah so I'm going to keep Emperor
is speed upgrade in HP no we don't I
mean what do we read to speed and we
have more than enough HP we just picked
up blue cap on this very floor so of
course it's the NL curse he's a lucky
man but he also complains about the game
being too hard and then he gets a run in
which is basically impossible to take
damage and then finds a way to take
damage but hopefully in a way that's
still sort of a score you know what do
you got for me in here at the space bar
that's placebo of course all right we
got two minutes to make it to the boss
rush it's better for us to go in there
and try to grab that item to get
something from the item room if possible
because of the fact that we have our
choice of two to four items actually two
to eight items now if anything boss rush
has gotten stronger I think a little
dangerous
Joker ace of spades extremely irrelevant
at this point now you might wonder why I
chose to go in a different direction and
the answer is because I don't understand
the Monty Hall problem but we were told
that there is more space over in this
direction by virtue of the fact that
there was a secret room there and I
chose to take him up on that offer
instead of being on the one that I was
on which could have led to a dead end I
don't actually
care about this guy again doubling that
is actually a super who cares a moment
when he got on Sue's let's go this was
the wrong direction no it was the right
direction and he is a god I was walking
in Vancouver today and there was a piece
of graffiti this is not a joke even
though it sounds like a send-up but said
God doesn't wear glasses and I was like
spoken like somebody who has watched me
play player unknowns battlegrounds I
also don't know what graffiti that means
God doesn't wear glasses is supposed to
mean honestly if someone who wears
glasses I was a tribe not to be offended
by it but it's hard you know because
it's like they're firing a shot directly
at your bow what do you mean I'm not God
I'm just out here trying to get a
sandwich didn't expect to be insulted by
a wall of all things we'll take a
Polaroid yeah these are high-quality all
right I mean we doubled them tell you
why use my new game plan we're going to
go until the doubling fails why ever do
this is I am a moron man I'm getting out
of here don't be a stupid idiot okay
that's how you lose runs right there
should I have taken Isaac's heart
shooters do judo expert no that's my
impression of myself
no Isaac's heart it introduces too much
uncertainty into a must-win run this
isn't a must-win for any reason other
than my confidence but still that's
enough dude that's enough you don't
understand I get roasted for my Isaac
play when I play well when I play badly
it's like I begin to question my own my
self-worth in a way that's unhealthy
we got to get the W here I guess I'll
take Judas's time he's invisible not not
interested sorry let's go double the
chest that had bombs in it instead of
the one from a room earlier that had
items in it that's okay
honestly this might be a decent bloom
situation but let's see how things work
here we got a 50% chance of a devil deal
and a 50% chance of an angel deal
assuming we don't take red hard damage
which is I mean we shouldn't take red
hard damage kind of getting low on bombs
this is like the most
Oh P familiar to have for a boss in a
boss fight it was just a bullet sponge
we didn't have piercing shots I'd be
losing my mind right now
remember when scolex is like the joke
boss so why not definitely we oh we
would like to take Abaddon and then take
Abaddon again let's go he's a god we
don't care about the razor blade why do
that well because Abaddon is going to
take away all our spirit arts anyway so
he might as well try to double down on
the damage upgrade right so we did
finally take deals of the devil if
there's I mean I'm actually not going to
look a gift horse in the mouth they
improve deals of the angel in the most
recent booster pack very very positive
change people are excited about it if
there's one problem with angel rooms
it's still that it's tough to make them
exist you know they even if you if you
play all your cards right the closest
you can get to a guarantee on an angel
room is like well without getting like
duality Goathead which happens but not
that often and well who cares about that
key oh let's go is like 50% so we did
roughly as best as we could have done
there lads okay I'm gonna stop saying
let's go I know it annoys people for
every person that annoys there's one
point quid
there's probably zero point one people
that really like it so you can
understand that I was never very good at
math but it becomes a difficult
situation for me to suss out you know
what should I do
sure for God we we basically have a
really really small duration holy mantle
so we can actually go to curse rooms for
free please come here what I'm liking
invisible to you that's sad
joke or card let's get down to business
to defeat the Huns will you come for me
grab all this joker out double-up told
you we didn't need any of those so I'm
not you know not sweating it too much
would it like to have had both of them
but you know if ifs and buts were candy
and nuts we'd all have a Merry holiday
that's what they say you're all doubt
he's not dead he had actually like
negative 15 HP left and he was invisible
he was a ghost of the space variety I
think don't hate me because I'm correct
in this situation I don't know I haven't
fired tears in 10 minutes but let's see
how we do against mom mom's heart if we
do well maybe it is the right call to go
to hospitai I gotta think about it
because I really don't want to put this
one into question but we are extremely
strong
not of not a smart play not a smart play
we got 80 cents - we got good damage
output
we got 31 Keys let's go for broke you've
already seen that let's go for broke
this is the right run on which to do
this we're so strong our invincibility
is meaningless but it really good to
fight again you know oh please
humbling bundles we can try to double
champion belt but I want to damage and
then here or is good but there's no
purpose to doubling it there is a
purpose to doubling both of these so you
go for it maybe this takes us closer to
Beelzebub oh it took the other how to
jump away that was stupid but I wanted
to take - how to jump for the chance to
get closer to bookworm because there's a
battery charge for sale let's look at
this for a sec okay that's fine where's
the grape bangies link let's go
those shouts are still landing so I
would say that we did improve pretty
nicely here the aura honestly we really
only care about tears and damage like
we're on a range or or something we do
not care and I've almost mine flooded
myself into believing that this run is
not that good so that's a false
situation to be in and if we're thinking
that we're already dead we got to start
playing better if we're thinking that a
run like this is not high quality we got
19 damage and a 4 rate of fire maybe
we're not one hitting hush but this is
our run to get our confidence back and
honestly so far we're 10 minutes in and
we haven't climax yet so the world's our
oyster you know we can only build on
that from here let's stand back good
work team lusty blood would be an
awesome get right now not compulsory by
any stretch of the imagination lusty
blood would be nice though trying to use
halo of flies to do a little extra
damage in here this is where you say
thank you to the game for giving you an
unbelievably good seed because it's not
just the start the star was good we
could fly but the the seed really like
crushed it on this one somehow he's done
it
I think I should save some bombs you
will not get in here you will be slain
your ashes will scatter to the earth you
will be no more
is slow going but it is going every once
in a while is ticking down there
we're like 20% of his HP left and we
haven't been hit yet we've come close
but mostly that's out of you know
bravado and idiocy more than anything
else oh that one look like a direct hit
basically that's alright take as long as
you want when you find in super hush
just remember there ain't a rush and
take the smart way home wraparound form
that's a good harmonica right you
remember in the Blues Traveler songs
where they're always going flat my wife
he's dusted all right we'd like at this
point nothing okay no no no if they
force us to do it maybe we'll consider
it this is we're killing all our demons
on this run but I don't know if that's
the right thing to do right now so let's
get out of here why do all these enemies
have four hundred and one HP it seems we
have five bombs moon cards nothing wrong
with it easy money keep going for these
we don't want a self-sacrifice room we
do want to teleport card even more than
we want like a moon card specifically
want teleport cards like this room I
don't care get me out of here I'm a
celebrity it's a British reality show
where I think they send celebrities into
the wilderness so basically like me
going on a grocery trip I don't want to
be in that room you can't make me beyond
that room
you see how strong we were like we
pushed this guy out of the way as if he
was made merely out of code and pixels
that's how strong we are I'm just
begging for what like I know it's
different so good not mad if we don't
get this I'm just looking for one
offensive orbital don't get me wrong I
like the flies you've been very generous
to me so far just hook me up with one
little offensive orbitals all I need
just a just a single offensive orbital
put me in heaven right now it's all it
takes to make a boy's day that much
better
nah stinky diapers not what I asked for
perhaps you misheard me I'll give you
one more chance to provide me with an
offensive orbital before I show you my
katana skills that I've been training
for for weeks dude though you're a rune
you don't have to withhold a yellow room
down into it hold it yeah yeah let's go
I'll stack them up stack them in let me
begin we're ready to go we got five
bombs our damage is so good we should
not worry about using all of our bombs
because we don't need those bombs to
make it through the hush fight I'm kind
of surprised 19 damage doesn't seem to
go as far as they used to man like Isaac
is living a little longer than I
expected
how should be handled I swallowed penny
you got to go for broke that was
terrible I absolutely 100% have to go
for broke for you're a little
so what you do is you pop the year at
first ah no no you pop swallowed penny
first because it's questionable and then
you yera he's done it we could have gone
deeper but like why why mess with
perfection right dude this is great we
have an offensive Korbel I don't think
we care about taking technology unless
it messes up Jacob's Ladder which it
actually completely might have this is
eight passive items though so as far as
I'm concerned like that's amazing
we have 20/20 along with it we don't
really want the body we do want crickets
head it didn't give us as much as I
thought sure let's ludo it how does this
look so it's kind of what I figured so
we should we probably have no Jacob's
Ladder now that's weird but our ball of
death is doing so much damage
unfortunately it also does not move when
we enter a room but if an enemy like
ever touches it they're dusted in record
time
golden bombs that seems like a wonderful
addition to our collection
chariot card it's kind of ironic I
suppose if there's a win it's a good win
it was a fun way to be a part of let's
bring this one home
see that
did that just give us spun I had to go
back and look at the footage for that
because I am actually confused we got
some kind of transformation for taking
that pill that doesn't seem correct it's
like one of the best invincibility is
you can have of course you know deep
down inside I'm hoping for a little
dirty touch but can't always get what
you want right you always wanted she
ain't got don't it always seem to go you
don't know what you've got clothes on
not a particularly fast run either which
is kind of surprising but we've got like
five different ways to kill every enemy
even still like we've managed to
hemorrhage HP which is kind of a
surprise to me what are you shooting it
I have camo on these on dude you
shouldn't be able to see me or at least
the most important part so I guess maybe
if you got camo undies but no shirt it's
kind of easy to tell where you're
standing at this point like my Taurus
invincibility means nothing to me
I am being chased these guys are not
randomly selecting a target I am being
chased I don't appreciate it we want
that oh we're so in this was a fun run I
feel like I actually know what I'm doing
and Isaac again despite the fact that we
had basically nothing to do with this
run let's finish this bad boy off I
don't want your charity okay
and they're not even going to make me do
void we're back in the saddle thanks for
watching hope you guys enjoyed this one
if you did and you believe in my power
to get better then click the like button
outside a great deal of course subscribe
you want to see more in the future but
for now thanks for watching and I will
see you next time